== ***NOTICE*** THIS PROJECT IS ON HOLD INDEFINITELY
	But any contributions (code or otherwise) will still be accepted

== License
  Copyright (C) 2008 Tyler Church

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgement in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

This is a translation of the OpenGL video tutorials on videotutorialsrock.com
from C++ to ruby

This code requires rubysdl and rubyopengl
these can be installed with commands:

* gem install rubysdl -y
* gem install ruby-opengl -y

(note these gems may require outside dependanies, you can find out which ones from their respective websites)

I am currently looking for help in any area. (See the TODO file for stuff that needs to be done)

== Speed Information
I was recently testing the terrain lesson and found that the Ruby version of the code was noticeably slower.
I ran some tests and found that, on my computer, I got about 18 Frames Per Second from the Ruby code and about 35 Frames Per Second from the C++ code
What this means is that the Ruby code runs at half the speed of the original C++ code. This could be caused by the code I wrote needs to be optimized. It could also mean that using OpenGL with Ruby causes a huge performance hit.

Don't forget! There still is some hope. If the code can be optimized well enough, a difference of a few FPS won't matter. Also Ruby 1.9 is supposed to be significantly faster than Ruby 1.8 (the version of ruby this code runs on). So when Ruby 1.9 is released, hopefully there will be a noticeable speed increase
	

This is an unofficial port of the code, I have no affiliation with Bill Jacobs of videotutorialsrock.com

The original code was written in C++ by Bill Jacobs of videotutorialsrock.com
